docs/README.md, before:

# Fluig Monitor

> Confira a documentação em **português** clicando [aqui](../README.md).

![Banner](./img/banner.png)

## About

A desktop application, developed with **Electron**, used to monitor **Fluig** ambients.

The monitoring is done trough the monitoring and statistics **API**, as shown on the [documentation](https://tdn.engpro.totvs.com.br/pages/releaseview.action?pageId=284881802).

This application is being developed for **educational** purposes, with the intention of learning a bit more about `React`, `Electron`, `Typescript`, and the use of Fluig `APIs`.

## Images

![Desktop](./img/desktop_LT2022-04_AmbientView.png)

> The above image is a **prototype**, and is heavily subject to changes.

## Features

Some features that will be (or already are) implemented:

- Dark mode
- Internationalization (i18n)
- Ambient history analysis
- Predictive ambient health analysis
- Desktop notifications

## Running this project

To run this project:

1. Install the necessary dependencies:

   ```shell
   $ yarn
   ```

   or

   ```shell
   $ npm install
   ```

2. Run the app in development mode:

   ```shell
   $ yarn start
   ```

   or

   ```shell
   $ npm run start
   ```

## Additional information

As mentioned, this application is being developed for educational purposes, and _still_ does not have a release available for public use. Version 1.0 of the application will be released soon. ~~Before Half Life 3~~

### Any development suggestions?

Create an [issue](https://github.com/luizf-lf/fluig-monitor/issues) on this repo, and the viability of your suggestion will be studied.

Commit message:

docs: dark mode prototype added

docs/README.md, after:

# Fluig Monitor

> Confira a documentação em **português** clicando [aqui](../README.md).

![Banner](./img/banner.png)

## About

A desktop application, developed with **Electron**, used to monitor **Fluig** ambients.

The monitoring is done trough the monitoring and statistics **API**, as shown on the [documentation](https://tdn.totvs.com/display/fluigeng/Platform+%7C+Platform+Services+Monitor).

This application is being developed for **educational** purposes, with the intention of learning a bit more about UI/UX, development with `React`, `Electron`, `Typescript`, and the use of Fluig `APIs`.

## Images

### White Theme

![Desktop](./img/desktop_LT2022-04_AmbientView.png)

### Dark Theme

![Desktop Dark](./img/desktop_LT2022-04_AmbientView_Dark.png)

> The above images are **prototypes**, and are subject to changes.

## Features

Some features that will be (or already are) implemented:

- Dark mode
- Internationalization (i18n)
- Ambient history analysis
- Predictive ambient health analysis
- Desktop notifications

## Running this project

To run this project:

1. Install the necessary dependencies:

   ```shell
   $ yarn
   ```

   or

   ```shell
   $ npm install
   ```

2. Run the app in development mode:

   ```shell
   $ yarn start
   ```

   or

   ```shell
   $ npm run start
   ```

## Additional information

As mentioned, this application is being developed for educational purposes, and _still_ does not have a release available for public use. Version 1.0 of the application will be released soon. ~~Before Half Life 3~~

### Any development suggestions?

Create an [issue](https://github.com/luizf-lf/fluig-monitor/issues) on this repo, and the viability of your suggestion will be studied.
